good morning everybody its Elena and I'm
back within our Cambridge vlog and it's
eight o'clock now it's Monday and so I'm
gonna head up now and get breakfast and
then I go for my lectures and today to
Weber is quite bad like it's quite rainy
and really really cold like this is what
it looks like on my window I haven't
been outside yet so I don't know if it's
a spot as it looks but yeah not exactly
looking forward to that weather but I
can't change it so I'm just gonna put on
my coat and hope to stay warm and not
get sick so yeah my plan for today is to
go for my two lectures and then I'm
gonna have a meeting for the human
rights law Society and after that I'm
gonna study a bit in a university
library and then I'm having digital
verification for Amnesty so they were
just all sit together and be verified
footage of atrocities and we just work
together as a group and that's a quite
long meeting today so we're trying out
six hours lots because before then we
split it up into three hours loss and
that's kind of inconvenient because
always somebody couldn't make it so now
we're doing it all in one slot so let's
see if that works out and see Jen just
joined jitter verification corpse so
we're gonna do it together and after
that we're gonna go and get dinner
together
[Music]
hi so we just had our committee meeting
and we found out about this hidden gem
that is a new ramp College its massive
it has green gardens and it's beautiful
I think rich is gonna pay for food to
walk now yeah honestly and you know so
gorgeous like I feel like they they
didn't tell us that when we like a pod
yeah like I don't know I didn't know
that noonim is huge and gorgeous so yeah
so yeah if she's still deciding which
cavers cause don't buy this this is it
yeah
[Music]
and we're here finally regarding
ourselves bothering McDonald yay finally
they're actually really good
oh okay guys this is really really bad
Thomas cricket but there was no McFlurry
zone cry-cry Singh Gucci yeah I just got
back from dinner season and we had free
hours of digital verification and I
actually thought it was gonna be six but
an exchange doctor dates and we found
out really really late so they changed
one of the free hour slots for today
I'm director morning where we had
lectures so I could go so we are only
doing three hours a week which is
actually more relaxed and probably
better for us so yeah we just said that
and then we went to McDonald's for
dinner which is really nice all damn day
didn't have any McFlurry which was quite
heartbreaking because we normally get my
floors together
um but yeah it was fine and great
nonetheless
so now I'm probably just gonna take a
quick shower and then fall asleep and
I'll see you guys tomorrow morning
bye good morning guys it's eight o'clock
now so I'm gonna head out now and get
some breakfast and a buttery and then I
go to the faculty do a few readings and
then I have two lectures with a one-hour
break in between and now I've probably
just spent my entire afternoon at the
university library because I have
another class but it's only at 5:00 but
I don't really you know want to walk
back to college and then walk back to
the factory because that would just make
me lose 40 minutes and I think there's
just no point in doing that so I'm just
gonna stay at the University library and
do more readings from a constitutional
or supervision which is on Thursday so
I'm hoping to actually finish all that
by tonight which would be great because
then I have the entire day of tomorrow
just for criminal law and I think then
I'm doing well in time because I could
finish criminal law tomorrow they have
no classes and yet I would be awesome so
yeah let's try to finish it by tonight
that's pretty much the plan and yeah
let's go
[Music]
hey guys mostly your energy now my Becca
my room I already had dinner and I
finished all my lectures for today and
my family like sure it was animal rights
law which was super super interesting
today because we talked about a
relationship between human rights law
and animal rights law and it was really
interesting because there are some
people who claim that they are not
compatible it's like you can have either
the one or the other but they can't
really work together and it's super
super interesting to like look at
theories like how they make conflict or
how they might actually you know work
together peacefully coexist and since I
want to become a human rights lawyer
that was a quite interesting discussion
for me also I started reading this book
and it's a quite ambitious book for this
week because it's very very thick and I
just checked it's like over 800 pages
which is quite a lot but I think it's
going to be really really great it's
about crimes against humanity and why we
have a responsibility to hold those who
commit these crimes accountable and just
some of you guys would probably sound
like well of course we have a
responsibility right um but it's a fact
that a lot of people who actually commit
these crimes get away of it and so I'm
really interested in you know reading
this book and seeing the arguments that
he made especially also about you know
the practicality of it so yeah let's see
if I can get through 800 pages in a week
I mean that would be less than what I
read from my super visions but like for
you supervisions you have pressure on
you because you have to finish it
so yeah let's see if I can also do that
with my fun reading so yeah for now the
plan is to just you know go back to my
constitutional law and just focus on
that and hopefully finish it
[Music]
good morning everybody
it's Wednesday and I finished all of my
constitutional law readings I definitely
I didn't manage to finish them last
night but I did manage to finish them
this morning so what they are done and I
can now just focus on criminal law which
is great because I hope that I can
finish it
Irish tonight or tomorrow morning so
then that would be done as well so that
would be really really good also I like
that a bit more in this book last night
because it was really really good and oh
my god I would just highly highly
recommend it if you get that interested
in that area of law because I feel like
this is a very very detailed
introduction to the field like it really
talks like about the origins of you know
that offense to like how it has been
applied and how we treated it and oh my
god I really love that I bought this
book I'm so happy because I just like
read through like a few parts of it I
was like wow that was a really really
good buy so yeah if you're interested in
that area of law would HIGHLY highly
recommend it you don't need any prior
knowledge he explains it very well it's
it's really an introduction so yeah
which how to rig him in that book if
you're interested in it I'm gonna get
any info box below as usual this is not
sponsored this is just me giving away my
reading advice so yeah and now I'm gonna
do a few more readings for criminal law
and then I'm gonna go and have lunch
with si Jin because she's cooking
because I can't cook so yeah we're gonna
meet up I'm just gonna walk over to her
place and we're gonna cook some rice and
yeah then I'm gonna do a few more
readings for criminal law and hopefully
finish it today I realized I've never
really shown you guys what it looks like
when I say I'm preparing for
supervisions so this is to file product
off my supervision preparation and it's
just my document with all my notes from
my reading so this is more than 600
pages of reading reduced to around four
thousand one hundred fifty nine words
yay but yeah this is actually good
because this document is like seven
pages in a little bit and that's just so
much easier than to go through your
notes you know in annotations on 600
pages of reading
so yeah and I usually mark out on some
of the things where I wasn't really sure
or I had some questions with this pink
color just so I know that I want to flag
this up to my supervisor because we can
always ask questions and supervisions
but it's really good to know what you
want to ask a question on so that's why
I just marked them in pink so it's
easier for me to find them again
so yeah that's what it looks like when
we prepare for supervisions
[Music]
let me I don't know I guess I don't have
called access so I need to call seizure
and because I can't get in
so yeah let's go cook because you guys
actually have like a kitchen like a nice
ok huge banks a siege in for me he knows
like okay yeah actually that's quite
sure and let me take it to McDonald's
but honestly this is almost better than
at McDonald's thank you also see Jen won
and they move okay so yeah she actually
lost in the route last night but she
nonetheless made it to the second round
[Applause]
he didn't look of joy in my face yeah so
the reason she's not excited is that she
still won't work
yeah that's the thing if you get fruit
with a mood you have to prep a new case
right yeah although you lost
I like the judge decided the case in
favor of the appellant but I am the
respondent but nonetheless somehow I
still got through like yes the
conference on her big wave and her new
work user goes back that this matches
what guys I feel like Jeffrey stop
cruise in terms of fashion style for
doing the dishes okay so in case you
guys don't know this is my favorite
color
right like can you not tell ya like have
you seen my room so but anyway I just
realized that season has pink KitKat
hello
can we talk about how cute that is and
because she's really not much actually
greeted I can even we have final thing
cuz you never eat your snacks I do I eat
my snacks I just don't need that much of
it she like she had these like Reese's
peanut butter cups for like months not
not months it's like been a week it's
been like three weeks and a week
probably mom a week is like and it
sounded like a big peanut butter cup
it's like the small once again you can
like recin them you know he's like one
every day so I just ate the package and
I'm ten minutes yeah so in case you
didn't notice I snack a lot um I
don't often show it roblox because I
think people would just think why she
eating all that candy but yeah so anyway
I now own pink Kit Kats which is amazing
but unfortunately I'm not sure if you
like them
it's a pink I like them okay but
unfortunately they're not available
Nikkei yeah they were prompting about
though haha is okay so I should come
visit you might actually do that for
picket cuts so see Jen and I just had
lunch and then we just quickly went to
Sainsbury's so now I have stocked up on
all my food I know this looks very messy
if I'm just gonna pop all of this in my
fridge and my shelf so yeah it's really
good actually we went because I really
needed to go to Sainsbury's um so I'm
glad that like I could go together
and so yeah now I'm just gonna keep
braiding on my criminal law readings and
that's to see how far we get and I
probably take a break you're like two
hours I guess and what I always do is I
do like 45 minute intervals and I use
the app forest and I just you know put
it out in 45 minutes and it grows like a
little tree in that time and then it
tells you oh your tree is grown and then
you can I take like a five-minute break
and then you go back to work so yeah
that's pretty much my plan for now
[Music]
hey guys it's quite a bit later now and
it's almost 7:00 and I already had
dinner and so now I'm gonna give myself
thirty minutes I'm just gonna read in
that book because it's really really
good
I really love the book I'm really glad
that I started it and I think because I
really like it I might actually have a
chance of finishing those 800 something
pages in a week so yeah let's see how
that go so I'm gonna give myself a two
minutes and then I'm gonna go back to
criminal law it's going quite well so I
think I'll be able to finish it tomorrow
morning which would be great because
then I'll be done with it and that's
pretty much the goal so yeah okay it's
much later now and I finished most of my
creme readings which is great and not
probably just take a quick shower and
then I go to bed so I thought this would
be a good time to end the blog thank you
so much for watching I hope you enjoyed
this if you guys have any questions for
me feel free to drop them in the
comments below or send me a message for
the contact section of my blog which is
linked in the infobox below thank you
guys so much for watching have a nice
day bye